Middle-earth Collectible Card Game (MeCCG) is an out-of-print collectible card game released by Iron Crown Enterprises (ICE) in late 1995. MeCCG is the first card game based on J.R.R. Tolkien's fictional universe of Middle-earth, with added content from ICE's Middle-earth Role Playing Game.
After his discontinuation in 1998, the international community of players has always set new standards and defined new rulings, and approving new support material that has been enhanced and strengthen on time the value of this game, by forging a greater level of informal cooperation which must be taken in account for its application in any game or tournament.
MeCCG All-in-One Rulebook compiles in a single volume all this material that has appeared over the years. This manual has been drafted from the most recent rules published by ICE (Middle-earth: The Lidless Eye[TM]  Rulesbook), text that now have been added the specific rules published with each of the different expansions of the game, discarding those who have become obsolete with the appearance of each official expansion. The resulting document has been completed with errata and clarifications that have appeared in the different guides published by ICE (The Wizards Companion, The Wizards Player Guide, The Dragons Player Guide, Dark Minions Player Guide, The Lidless Eye Companion, and The Lidless Eye Player Guide), together with any clarifications studied by the different NetRep teams of ICE (official) and Council of Elrond (after the game was discontinued), decision-makers over any conflict in the game.
We expect that this updated version of the MeCCG rules contribute to a coherent understanding and dissemination of its regulations and, consequently, will serve as a guide to assist in any game. We hope that it meets your expectations.
